add gcp openid documentation (#362)
kiali/kiali.io: content/documentation/staging/configuration/authentication/openid.adoc

Enabling the `Implicit Flow Enabled` option of the client will make the problem
go away, but be aware that the implicit flow is less secure, and not
recommended.

=== Using with Google Cloud Platform / GKE OAuth2

> If you are already using Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and products such as
> Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) then it is very easy to integrate with Kiali's
> OpenID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and its products such as
Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), it should be straightforward to configure Kiali's OpenID
strategy to authenticate using your Google credentials.
```
